---
layout: post
title: Let's Talk Bloc
---

Bloc is a well known online bootcamp for aspiring web developers. With Bloc, you can go from little to no experience in anything web development, and in just a few months time be able to build just about anything you want.

The program itself is fairly flexible, and has some offerings for people who have full-time jobs that may not be able to dedicate themselves to a 40 hour school-like course workload. You get to choose your own mentor and with that, you're able to schedule out some time for you and the mentor to meet, talk about how your progress is going, and give you some job advice along the way.

The mentor program is a big help to up and coming programers who need some guidance for pointing out some issues with their app, or even help on getting down and dirty with coding fundamentals and best practices.

A big selling point for most people getting into the program is Bloc's assistance in finding a career that fits your dreams. From a regimented job application structure, to drilling down the basics of interviewing and networking, if you're able to successfully follow through on the coursework, you'll be able to get the career change most people dream about in no time.



Overall, my time with Bloc I'd rate as an above average experience. I'd say there's some small room for improvement in drilling down to the basics a bit more, but in Bloc's defense, the program is ever-evolving and they continually ask for student feedback(and actually listen!). I have no doubt that from the time I graduate in August, to the time that a new student signs up, the program will be even better than it was when I took it.


8.5/10
Would recommend!